Proposed text by Eliot on speaking for the IETF (#81)
intarchboard/draft-iab-rfc4052bis: draft-iab-rfc4052bis.md

providing further context. For such additional communication, liaison managers
may use any applicable businesslike approach, from
private to public communications, and bring in other parties as needed.
IETF liaison managers should limit their communication to factual statements
or established consensus positions and the level at which that consensus exists

> (e.g., WG, IESG or IETF). Liaisons are not a means to circumvent IETF consensus processes.

Author: ```suggestion
(e.g., WG, IESG or IETF). A liaison relationship is not a means to circumvent IETF consensus processes.
```

> 

Author: I would propose to keep this sentence from above:
```suggestion
The liaison manager can speak on behalf of the IETF on
the subject matter of the liaison and therefore "represents the IETF", but only after making sure that
the IETF consensus is understood.
```
